CMT 111
Fall 2024
Mid Term Project

Create a site structure for a home page that will inform people about various
zoos in the world. Do not focus on only one region.

You are to have a banner image with an overlay that displays your name over
the words “Zoos to be Seen” with proper spacing between. The banner image
must be of your own design. If you do not have PhotoShop you can download
and use Gimp for free. You may also create an image with Adobe Firefly or
any other free version of an AI image creator.

You must have a nav section that is positioned underneath, the header section.
(Lookup HTML semantic elements on W3Schools). The navigation links need to
be separated with an appropriate symbol ('font awesome' is preferred) (Lookup
W3Schools - Font Awesome)

You are to have a page narrative that discusses the reasons for zoos and the
benefits of maintaining zoos for both the animals and the people that visit. Your
narrative must be extensive and fill a majority of the page. It must be in your
own words. Lorem Ipsom text is not acceptable. AI generated paragraphs are
accetpable if you modify it to reflect oyur own views.

Incorporating the following feature can earn up to 5 bonus points. The points
awarded will be dependent upon the use of the font, the color appearance,
the size, and clarity/readability on the screen.

Use fonts that are obtained from another source. (i.e. Google fonts) – Bonus
points

You must use at least three HTML5 semantic elements in your page design.
(Lookup HTML5 semantic elements on W3Schools)

You must have hyperlinks to at least 5 zoos in the world. All links must display a
hover effect. (Lookup hover effect on W3Schools) You must have a footer that
identifies you as the page author with a copyright symbol. You must have
multiple images on the page that are mixed in with the text narrative. All
content images are to be the same size.
index page. (lookup W3Schools linking CSS). All CSS rules must be of your

All content is to be displayed using CSS to control the appearance and
functionality of the page. The CSS page must be external and linked to the
origin.

You may not use on-line templates for your layout (they are traceable). You
must use your own layout design.

In addition to the functionality requirements, you will be graded on the
aesthetic presentation of your site.

The project must be submitted as an entire site structure and must be
submitted as one compressed folder. Review video if necessary.